.TH BFLSYNC 8l "1 March r
.SH NAME
.B bflsync
- use \fIrsync\fR to synchronise filesystems from \fBbelfields.belfld\fR to
\fBbfl-uw.belfld.local.
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBbflsync\fR [[\fB-c config\fR] [\fB-d\fR] [\fB-e <mail_address>\fR] [\fB-q\fR]]|[\fB-V\fR]|[\fB-s\fR]
.SH AVAILABILITY
.B bflsync
is a Borne shell script which should work equally well on all versions of UNIX,
Linux and Mac OS X.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bflsync
reads the configuration file \fI/usr/local/etc/bflsync.cf\fR to determine 
which file systems need to be synchronised. Each remote file system is 
mounted using \fBNFS\fR  and a local synchronised copy taken. The file system
is unmounted immediately after synchronisation.
.LP
The script pauses after each complete cycle for a period determined by the
configuration file.
.LP
Logging is done to the file  \fI/var/log/bflsync#\fR where "#" is the number
of the day in the week and Monday is designated day 1.
.TP 5
.B -c <config_file>
Use \fIconfig_file\fR rather than the default configuration file \fI/usr/local/etc/bflsync.cf\fR.
.TP 5
.B -d
Sets the debug option on. Every line of code is echoed to standard error 
before being run.
.TP 5
.B -V
Print the release details for the instance of bflsync run. 
.TP 5
.B -s
Print the current config to standard out and quit.
.LP
The script is designed to work as a daemon process and should always be started
with the \fIinit\r script. Other options to the \fIinit\fR script are:
.TP 5
.B start
The script is started in quiet mode.  
.TP 5
.B monitor
The script is started in verbose mode. The output to standard error will be 
redirected to \fI/var/log/bflsync\fR.
.TP 5
.B stop 
Signal 15 is sent to the \fBbflsync\fR process. The signal is trapped and the
script waits until the current filesystem synchronisation is complete before 
it terminates. It may be over an hour before termination, if the file system is 
"\fBdatac\fR" and the synchronisation has only just started.
.TP
.B halt 
This option should be avoided if at all possible. Signal 9 is sent to the
running script process. An attempt will be made to stop the associated 
\fBrsync\fR processes but this cannot be guaranteed and the result may be
messy. The lock file will be left in place. It is incumbent on the user to
remove the lockfile and ensure all existing rsync processes are terminated
before recommencing operations.
.TP
.B reload
Signal 1 is sent to the running bflsync process. The signal is trapped until
the current rsync is complete, the script then read reads the configuration file
before starting synchronisation of the next filesystem.
.TP
.B remonitor
Signal 15 will sent as \fBrestart\fR below but when restarted the script will 
be in verbose mode and the output to standard error will be redirected to 
\fI/var/lob/bflsync.out\fR.
.TP
.B restart 
Signal 15 will be sent, as in \fBstop\fR above but the init script will
then wait until the \fIlock\fR is removed and then  attempt to restart
\fBbflsync\fR.
.SH EXAMPLES
.IP
.ft CW
/etc/init.d/bflsync start
.ft R
.LP
If there is no existing lockfile start  \fBbflsync 
.IP
.ft CW 
/etc/init.d/bflsync stop
.ft R
.LP
Stop the running instance of bflsync as the earliest opportunity.
.IP
.ft CW
/etc/init.d/bflsync reload
.ft R
Signal the running instance of bflsync to re-read the configuration file
as soon as possible.

.SH FILES
.IR /etc/init.d/bflsync ,
.IR /usr/local/etc/bflsync.cf
.IR /var/log/bflsync[0-6]
.IR /var/run/bflsync

.SH BUGS
Halting bflsync has unpredictable results.
.SH AUTHOR
Clifford W Fulford, City Linux. Contact fulford@citylinux.com or +44 (0)793 572 8612
.SH HISTORY
$Id: bflsync.man,v 1.10 2017/03/05 12:19:57 fulford Exp fulford $
